# SFECW1
DVCUK
The web application will show by default the information about all case of Covid-19 in the UK. The information will represent the most impacted locations and districts from Covid-19, these would include the death trends/toll. The web application will give the user a real time visual representation of the current locations of the public who are in quarantine in the UK. 
Due to the increase of Covid-19 cases around the globe, the UK was forced to reduce the travel corridor which made countries exempt from quarantine. The current situation is that most countries have to quarantine for 2 weeks when they enter the UK. 
The testing phase of the web application will consist of dummy data which is created from the student.  The information gathered will be analysed, the data will give the user a visualisation of all of the public who are in quarantine and the death toll and locations affected by Covid-19 across all of Great Britain. 
Furthermore, there will be animation of data by date, which will allow researchers to conduct studies regarding the level of success with measures imposed. In addition, the data could help to identify where local lockdowns and procedures are disobeyed which will be indicated by higher spikes of Covid-19 cases in a particular area. This will be useful research as the government will be able to rethink local measurements (i.e. to apply stricter and tighter rules).
There is an enormous potential to view trends over a period of time for zones with higher density of cases. There is a possibility that the author will be able to see if there is a specific commuting route which causes cases to increase and this can be looked into more depth in the future. 
The National Health Service has introduced a second contact tracing application because the first release of the NHS Test and Trace project has failed the British people. The second application was released on the 24th of September 2020. The aim of the application is to alert people when they have been near an individual who has tested positive for coronavirus, allows individuals to check their symptoms, booking a test and ‘check-in’ to places they visit using a QR code system. Individuals will be informed if they were in close contact with an individual who has contracted Covid-19. Thus, once alerted the individual should self-isolate for 2 weeks according to the most up to date government guidelines, there is a possibility the guidelines may change over time. 
The (DVCUK) Data Visualisation of Covid-19 In the UK, will have another approach to the given problem. It will state where the affected people in quarantine are at the given time and in case of the continuity of the cases in that zone, the given responsible department will need to apply stricter rules for the quarantine or to apply a local lock down into a specific zone. 
